# UnknownMagic [WIP]

Welcome to the *UnknownMagic* Github Project! This project is a Modification for the game of Minecraft using the Minecraft Forge API. The idea of this Mod is to create an adventuring and technical style of Mod focused on this NatualTech Design of machinery and World-Gen Ruins. There are plans for the Design of the Mod and what will be within it, but we would like there to be suprising additions and features. Therefore the items and ideas will be revealed as the Mod develops and hopefully this Mod will be full of very unique and interesting ideas never before seen in a Minecraft Mod.


## Contributions
If you would like to contribute to the *UnknownMagic* project there are two ways of doing so. One is the Artistic and Idea based side of the project, and the other of course being the code contributions. Please read the following for what to do for each style of contribution.


### Ideas and Art
The Artistic constributions of the Mod should either be the textures and/or block models and blockstates of the Mod, or through Idea contributions of features. Please note that for the most part the final say of what is put into the Mod and what is'nt is decided upon by both **CreedTheFreak and Wasamiam**, so please don't be dissapointed if they reject your ideas or textures. The best way to contriute to the artistic side of the Project is to send an email to our Organization email account **Email:**thetruedlp@gmail.com or by simply creating an Issue with the title format of **Feature:(Enter Feature Idea Here)** and then describe the feature inside of the comment box given. In terms of adding art, the best way would be to either send us a link at our email as stated above or simply submit a pull request with said item texture.png and/or models and blockstate files. **Creed and Wasamiam** will consider the new art, if it's accepted your contribution will be added into the game and your Github Name will be added to a list of Credits unless you would like your name changed to something else.

### Code Contributions
If you would like to contribute to the source code of UnknownMagic then there will be a few ways to do so. **Note: Before writing code, please check out the Section on Coding Standards of the Mod, Otherwise we will NOT accept the pull until it follows those guidelines.** One being Bug Fixes. This is quite self explanatory so we will let it explain itself. The other way would be to work on a feature, which will need to be assigned to you in order for us to even consider the implementation of the code you write. This is for our documentation so it's easier to track the code and find out who is doing what and where. If you have a feature Idea and would also like to implement it yourself please follow the **Ideas and Art** method for contributing ideas, but at the end of your feature idea please state clearly that you would like to implement the feature. If the idea gets approved by the maintainers, then they will assign you to that feature and as long as good code is written and you follow the guidelines below, bing, bang, boom your code will be implemented and your Github name will be added to a list of Credits unless you would like your name changed to something else.
